Docs release notes: June 28, 2024 (#17827)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/release-notes/docs-release-notes/docs-6-28-2024.mdx

---
subject: "Docs"
releaseDate: '2024-06-28'
version: 'version: June 21-27, 2024'
---

### New docs

> * Mobile monitoring's [application not responding](/docs/mobile-monitoring/mobile-monitoring-ui/application-not-responding) helps you track and analyze when and why your Android application's blocked for more than five seconds.

Reviewer: > Mobile monitoring's [application not responding]

Feels like there's a noun like `feature` or `condition` that's missing. A possessive on `application not responding` feels weird

Author: Good call

> * New browser monitoring [log](/docs/browser/new-relic-browser/browser-apis/log) and [wrapLogger](/docs/browser/new-relic-browser/browser-apis/wraplogger) API docs define the syntax, requirements, parameters, and examples on how to use these new endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* New browser monitoring [`log()`](/docs/browser/new-relic-browser/browser-apis/log) and [`wrapLogger()`](/docs/browser/new-relic-browser/browser-apis/wraplogger) API docs define the syntax, requirements, parameters, and examples on how to use these new endpoints.
```

Method names should be wrapped in code with empty parens https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/style-guide/structure/code-examples/

### Major changes

> * We've removed our top-level `Other capabilities` category and migrated everything that was there into more appropriate categories. This should make it somewhat easier for you to find what you're looking for.

Reviewer: `somewhat easier` feels pretty wishy-washy. :) Let's sell it.

Author: Agreed!

### Minor changes

* Added IAST validator service URL endpoints to [FedRAMP compliant endpoints](/docs/security/security-privacy/compliance/fedramp-compliant-endpoints/#agents) and [networks](/docs/new-relic-solutions/get-started/networks/#new-relic-endpoints).
* Updated [IAST troubleshooting](/docs/iast/troubleshooting/#see-my-application) with specific IP ranges to whitelist if you're not seeing your application.
* Updated [Ruby agent configuration](/docs/apm/agents/ruby-agent/configuration/ruby-agent-configuration/#instrumentation-aws_sqs) with `NEW_RELIC_INSTRUMENTATION_AWS_SQS` auto-instrumentation configuration information.
* Removed `ApplicationExitInfo` reporting configuration information from [configure mobile monitoring settings](/docs/mobile-monitoring/new-relic-mobile/mobile-sdk/configure-settings), because you can do this in the UI.
* [Workflow enrichments](/docs/alerts/get-notified/incident-workflows/#enrichments) support multiple variables so you can customize your data more specifically ot your needs.

> * Added the [MobileApplicationExit](/attribute-dictionary/?dataSource=Mobile&event=MobileApplicationExit) attribute to our data dictionary. Our data dictionary isn't only a docs resource, but it also feeds attribute definitions directly to the UI, for example when you mouseover chart elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the [`MobileApplicationExit`](/attribute-dictionary/?dataSource=Mobile&event=MobileApplicationExit) attribute to our data dictionary. Our data dictionary isn't only a docs resource, but it also feeds attribute definitions directly to the UI in the NRQL query builder.
```

Also, love the shoutout here for data dictionary flow. But, I don't think it works for chart elements—‚only in query builder AFAIK.

Author: Good to know!

* Removed docs related to the outdated alerts REST API.

> * Our AI monitoring supports [NVIDIA NIM models](/docs/ai-monitoring/compatibility-requirements-ai-monitoring/#deploy-at-scale) and doesn't require any extra configuration outside of our manual or UI-based installation flows.

Reviewer: This should go into major; this was a big headline announcement. Also consider linking to the blog post? https://newrelic.com/blog/how-to-relic/ai-monitoring-for-nvidia-nim

Author: Oh! OK!

> ### Release notes and What's New posts

Reviewer: I like that you're now adding short summaries of release notes.

Author: Glad you like it!

    * Added 1.29 and 1.30 support, dropped 1.24 and 1.25 support
    * Updated dependencies: Kubernetes packages v0.30.2 and Alpine v3.20.1
* [Mobile app for iOS v6.5.0](/docs/release-notes/mobile-apps-release-notes/new-relic-ios-release-notes/new-relic-ios-6050)
    * View all entities that are part of a workload
    * More dashboard customization options
    * Various other improvements
* [Node.js agent v11.20.0](/docs/release-notes/agent-release-notes/nodejs-release-notes/node-agent-11-20-0)
    * Support for Anthropic's Claude 3 messages API
    * Various other improvements
* [Node.js agent v11.21.0](/docs/release-notes/agent-release-notes/nodejs-release-notes/node-agent-11-21-0)
    * Support for getting container IDs from ECS metadata API
* [PHP agent v10.22.0.12](/docs/release-notes/agent-release-notes/php-release-notes/php-agent-10-22-0-12)
    * EOL support for PHP 7.0 and 7.1
    * Various bug fixes
* [Ruby agent v9.11.0](/docs/release-notes/agent-release-notes/ruby-release-notes/ruby-agent-9-11-0)
    * New instrumentation for the `aws-sdk-sqs` gem
    * A couple of bug fixes

> 

Reviewer: Lotta empty lines at the end here

Author: I'll delete em
